chore(docs): Add notes to atlantis-url in server-configuration (#3383)
runatlantis/atlantis: runatlantis.io/docs/server-configuration.md

  and in links from pull request comments. Defaults to `http://$(hostname):$port`
  where `$port` is from the [`--port`](#port) flag. Supports a basepath if you're hosting Atlantis under a path.

  Notes:

>   * If you're using a load balancer with a different port, remember to update the URL with the correct one, not the one defined in the `--port` flag.

Reviewer: Let's remove the usage of "you" and mention the details link

```suggestion
  * If a load balancer with a non http/https port (not the one defined in the `--port` flag) is used, update the URL to include the port like in the example above.
   * This URL is used as the `details` link next to each atlantis job to view the job's logs.
```
